see why Corcoran CY Richards and welcome
to our virtual new vehicle showroom this
vehicle has a 3 year 36,000 mile bumper
to bumper plus a 5 year 100,000 mile
powertrain general motors warranty with
extensions up to seven years at 100,000
mile GM offers several financing options
including 0% and cash rebates in the
thousands depending on the make and
model if you're paying cash have your
own financing or would like to go
through one of the local credit unions
no problem we can stack the factory
rebates along with our Richard Chevrolet
discount to give you the deal around if
you have a trade no problem we'll pay
off your existing loan and get you into
this new vehicle today remember every
vehicle that is purchased at Richards
receives a year of free oil changes
along with a washing vacuum any time and
visits our award-winning service
department see why people have been
driving to Richard's for over 22 years
we guarantee that you will have the most
honest stress-free purchasing experience
ever after you talk to us you will never
buy a vehicle anywhere else ever again
cy Richards cy Corcoran